{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Group 5: Thomas Hsu, Calvin Liang, Micheal Yuja Matute, Kathleen McKay\par
\par
We are planning on creating an application \f1\endash  geared towards BU students \endash  that will assist users with organizing a time and place perfect for groups to study, work on projects, or just hang out. After making an account, users will be able to send invitations to colleagues or friends via email or Facebook to join a group. Users will then have the option to either synchronize their calendars (via the Google Calendar API) or manually input their schedules into our database. The application will proceed to calculate and display periods in which all users of the group are available to congregate so they may choose when to meet. This application will utilize the Google Maps API in order to recommend a selection of convenient meeting locations on the BU campus depending on where each group member is located. These places will be determined based on the location\rquote s capacity, comfortability, and conduciveness to learning. In order to connect users, this application will also provide an instant messaging system for communication.\f0\par
\par
\par
Our other idea is to create an application which helps the user manage their grocery shopping. They will be able to search through databases of recipes by the ingredients and the calorie amounts to help them keep on top of their nutritional goals. Other information such as rating, cooktime, number of servings it makes, etc. will also be available. The user can then easily add recipe ingredients to a shopping list. Additional items can also be added to the list, and the user will be able to save, print, or email the list so that they can use it while shopping. The other option for the user is to order their shopping list online. We will use the Instacart API to allow the user to seemlessly go from knowing what they want to having it sent right to their door. Recipes can be saved for future use, and the user can write an attached note about the recipe if they so choose.  This application will combine information from several recipe APIs to gather a wide variety of recipes and information about the food.\par
}
